So you've been cured.
Of course, I already understand the disease of God of War
OK, then you can treat it.
Before I leave
I just happened to experience the medical skills of the middle- and lower-tier divine doctors
Just by looking at the level of middle and lower medical skills
You kid is too capable
Well, I'll let you meet
What is the first medical god in the lower middle?
Oh, as expected of you to be old.
gas massage
Amazing!
Well, you think the first god is called for nothing
Just this one
Some stupefied kids have to learn for a lifetime
Grandpa is really getting better
Girl, Grandpa Hua didn't lie to you.
Cure your grandfather's illness
That's not enough to have hands
What is this?
Better not tease
Can you suffocate to death if you don't speak?
Even the king wants to offer tea when he sees the old painting
What are you?
Pointing at the painting
You are teaching me to do things
Can't afford it
I also threw it away